Feature: Use active contracts for the plugin repositories (#163)
aragon/sdk: modules/client/CHANGELOG.md

- `IProposalSettings` => `MajorityVotingProposalSettings`
- Rename all mention of `ensureAllowance` to `updateAllowance`
- ensDomain now includes `.dao.eth`

> - `getPluginInstallItem` must now receive a `network` param, by default is `mainnet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getPluginInstallItem` now receives a `network` parameter to select the right Plugin Repo. Defaults to `mainnet`
```
